hi my name is Tom mekia with Remax
results and we're out at emerald falls
in baytown township just 18 miles east
of st. Paul and we wanted to give you a
virtual tour of our Bellini model built
by mcdonald construction the home is
located at 39-33 paradise avenue and
it's 4,000 square feet five bedrooms
four and a half baths and we'd like you
to come on in and take a look at the
inside okay so we're coming in the
Bellini model and we're on the main
floor and you walk in we have the open
kitchen floor plan with the double
frigidaire professional appliances that
everybody loves a double wide as we like
to call it fridge on one side freezer on
the other cooktop custom cabinetry large
granite island breakfast nook and around
the bend you'll see our Resource Center
which is great for coming in from the
three-car garage to drop all of your
stuff we have a pantry right here around
the bend we have our powder room
custom vanity and our mudroom with
custom built-ins and an extra closet for
more coats and good stuff so coming out
of the mud room back into the kitchen
we'll come into the great room area we
have custom built-ins on either side of
the fireplace fieldstone facade dining
room upstairs you'll see some of our
features of the main floor landing with
a nice oval window that looks out over
here to our master master suite with the
tray ceilings
views of the wooded lot point nine acre
lot and the nice master bath with a
walk-in shower and of course the walk-in
closet very large closet get myself in
the mirror here
and that's our master suite committing
into our kids rose there's four bedrooms
up two joined by this jack-and-jill bath
each with their own sink and walk-in
closet and into the next bedroom I'm
coming out of the bedroom headed towards
our upper-level laundry and guest room
first we'll head into the laundry main
floor laundry with washer and dryer
utility sink and cab countertops for
folding the fourth bedroom complete with
its own three-quarter bath and also
walk-in closet
shower
all right lower level amusement euro
more views of the lot here's our wet bar
granite tile custom cabinetry in our
fifth bedroom and forth bathroom and of
course the tiled shower come back out of
the bath and the whole lower level is
wired for sound speakers are already in
the ceilings and we'll head into the
mechanical room plenty of room for
storage high-efficiency furnace and
that's our virtual tour
you